The tasks describe the lab
objectives you need to complete.
They usually include a series
of checks which are run
against your project to ensure
each task has been completed.
To verify you have
fulfilled a specific task,
select the grey box
next to that task.
If the box appears red, it
means the task requirement was
not fulfilled.
A green box indicates a
successfully completed task.
If you want to check
all the tasks at once,
select Calculate Grade.
This will provide you with
an overview of your progress,
completion status,
and your current grade
for all the tasks
in the assignment.
Select the Submit button
at the bottom of the pane
to send the grades to your
instructor once you have
sufficiently completed
all tasks.